[Images] Upload via URL feature (#4072)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/cloudflare-images/upload-images/_index.md

# Upload images

> Cloudflare Images allows developers to upload images in different manners, for a wide range of use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Images allows developers to upload images using different methods, for a wide range of use cases.
```
